1. As a user I want to the homepage to display random books with information. So I can see what it available and be inspired.

2. As a user I want to be able to login to the site. So I can make more actions.

3. As a user I want there to be a menu, in order for me to navigate.

4. As an admin I want to be able to add a book to the page. So the users can engage with even more content.

5. As a user I want there to be a header which displays the newest/highest rated book(s). So I can see whatever.

6. As an admin I want the information displayed on the first page to be an image overlay slide (top to bottom). In order to save on screen real estate.

7. As an admin I want there to be the an extrea menu item with the name of: Admin page

8. As a user I want to be able to rate a book.

9. As a user I want to be able to write a review of a book.

10. As an admin when I click the "Admin Page" I want there to be a nav-bar with options to edit Books, Authors, Genre and Reviews.

11. As an admin I want to have an add-button that takes me to a new page,  in order to add books, authors and genres.

12. As a user I want to be able to log out of my account.

13. As a system dev I want there to be a working database that will handle information.

14. As an admin I want to be able to add/update a new book. So that I can expande the service.

15. As an admin I want to be able to delete/update a user review.

16. As an admin I want to add/update an author. So that I can expande the service.

17. As an admin I want to add/update a genre. So that I can expande the service.

18. As an admin, when I click one of the edit buttons in the admin page, I want to be taken to an overview page.

19. As a user I want the book I am reviewing to show it's information. So I can make sure it's the right book.

20. As a user I want my nickname to be displayed while I'm writing the review.

21. As a user I want to be able to see the nick names of the users who have written reviews.

22. As an admin I want to be able to add new users.

(23. As sys dev I want the admin1 to not be deleted from the system.)